Add region replace method (#306)
ansys/pymotorcad: doc/source/user_guide/adaptive_templates.rst

see :ref:`ref_BPM_Triangular_Rotor_Notches` and :ref:`ref_SYNC_Curve_Flux_Barriers`.

> It is recommended that users new to Motor-CAD Adaptive Templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are new to Motor-CAD Adaptive Templates, you should
```
Avoid "It is recommended" and "user" or "users".

Either Cartesian or Polar coordinate systems can be used.
The coordinate system can be changed by going to
**Input Data -> Settings -> Geometry**.

.. figure:: ../images/Geometry_Coordinate_System_GUI_Screenshot.png
    :width: 500pt

    **Input Data -> Settings -> Geometry** tab in Ansys Motor-CAD 2024 R1

Adaptive templates script
*************************

Adaptive Templates can be enabled by going to the
**Geometry -> Editor -> Adaptive Templates** tab
and setting the Geometry Templates Type from **Standard** to **Adaptive**.

> This means that the Adaptive Templates Script is run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that the Adaptive Templates script is run
```

.. figure:: ../images/Adaptive_Templates_GUI_Screenshot.png
    :width: 500pt

    **Geometry -> Editor -> Adaptive Templates** tab in Ansys Motor-CAD 2024 R1

To set an adaptive geometry for a Motor-CAD file,
a script must be loaded in to the **Adaptive Templates** tab and run.

> Adaptive Templates Python scripts can also be executed externally,

Reviewer: Earlier, it was Adaptive Templates scripts. Is Python needed here?

Adaptive parameters
*******************

An Adaptive Templates script can be set based on the Standard Template parameters or based on custom
Adaptive Parameters. Adaptive Parameters are shown in the
**Geometry -> Editor -> Adaptive Parameters** tab.

.. figure:: ../images/Adaptive_Parameters_GUI_Screenshot.png
    :width: 500pt

    **Geometry -> Editor -> Adaptive Parameters** tab in Ansys Motor-CAD 2024 R1

Any parameter can be defined, with a Name, Value, and Description. Parameters can be added within

> the Motor-CAD interface, or via Python script by using ``set_adaptive_parameter_value()``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Motor-CAD interface or with Python script by using the ``set_adaptive_parameter_value()`` method
```

Scripting workflow
*******************

> As well as the defined Adaptive Parameters, any parameter from Motor-CAD can be used in the Adaptive
> Templates Script by using ``get_variable()`` from PyMotorCAD. Any Motor-CAD API accessible by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As well as the defined adaptive parameters, any parameter from Motor-CAD can be used in the Adaptive
Templates script by using the ``get_variable()`` method from PyMotorCAD. Any Motor-CAD API accessible by
```

PyMotorCAD is available.

For example, when modifying the rotor geometry, it is often necessary to retrieve the rotor radius:

.. code:: python

    rotor_radius = mc.get_variable("RotorDiameter") / 2

Adding a region to the geometry
-------------------------------
To add a new geometry feature to the Motor-CAD model, such as a notch, the workflow is as follows:

* A new region is created to represent the notch

> * The region properties are defined (material, colour etc.)

Reviewer: Use a numbered list if these two items are performed sequentially.

> * Entities are added to the region to define the geometry (shape and position)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Entities are added to the region to define the geometry (shape and position).
```

* The parent region is defined for the new region. For a rotor duct, the parent would be set to the
  rotor region.

> * The new region is set in Motor-CAD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The new region is set in Motor-CAD.
```

Creating a region
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To create a new region to represent the notch, use the Region object from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a region to represent the notch, use the region object from
```

> If the region object of the rotor has been created in Python (``rotor = mc.get_region("Rotor")``)
> The rotor region object's properties can be obtained and set for the rotor notch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the region object of the rotor has been created in Python (``rotor = mc.get_region("Rotor")``),
the rotor region object's properties can be obtained and set for the rotor notch.
```

The ``Region.duplications`` property represents the symmetry of the region. In the example shown
using the e9 IPM template, ``duplications = 8`` because there are 8 rotor poles of 45 ° symmetry.
In this example, the notch would have the same symmetry as the rotor.

> The parent region of the notch can be set to the rotor region, so that the notch is set as a
> sub-region. Motor-CAD uses implicit subtractions, so that the notch subtraction is handled
> automatically. The notch appears as a sub-region of the rotor in tree shown in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parent region of the notch can be set to the rotor region so that the notch is set as a
sub-region. Motor-CAD uses implicit subtractions so that the notch subtraction is handled
automatically. The notch appears as a sub-region of the rotor in tree shown in the
```

Using the geometry shapes library
---------------------------------

> Line and Arc entities are defined using Motor-CAD Coordinate objects. Calculating the coordinate

Author: This section is referring specifically to the Line and Arc class objects in ansys.motorcad.core.geometry so uses the same case as the class object names

> positions can be time consuming and may require many lines of Python script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
positions can be time-consuming and can require many lines of Python script.
```

> The ``triangular_notch()`` function requires 4 arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``triangular_notch()`` function requires four arguments:
```

> * ``radius`` - the radial position of the notch outer edge (for a rotor notch, this is the rotor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``radius``: Radial position of the notch outer edge. (For a rotor notch, this is the rotor
```

>   radius)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  radius.)
```

> * ``sweep`` - the sweep of the notch along the rotor airgap, in degrees (defines the notch width)
> 
> * ``centre_angle`` - the angular position of the notch centre

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``sweep``: Wweep of the notch along the rotor airgap in degrees. (This parameter defines the notch width.)

* ``centre_angle``: Angular position of the notch center.
```

    Required arguments for the ``triangular_notch()`` function.

A rotor notch can be defined using this function, so that the user does not need to calculate the
coordinates for the notch entities.

To use the ``triangular_notch()`` function to create a triangular rotor notch region:

.. code:: python

    notch = triangular_notch(
        rotor_radius, notch_angular_width, notch_centre_angle, notch_depth
    )

> where the arguments ``rotor_radius``, ``notch_angular_width``, ``notch_centre_angle`` and
> ``notch_depth`` must be calculated in the Adaptive Templates Script and specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``rotor_radius``, ``notch_angular_width``, ``notch_centre_angle`` and
``notch_depth`` arguments must be calculated in the Adaptive Templates script and specified.
```
You want the content after the code block to be a complete sentence.

The notch region properties can then be defined and the region can be set in Motor-CAD, as described

> earlier in this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
earlier.
```

For a full Adaptive Templates example using the workflow described here, see
:ref:`ref_BPM_Triangular_Rotor_Notches`.

Details on the Geometry Shapes functions within ``ansys.motorcad.core.geometry_shapes`` are
available in the :ref:`ref_API_Reference` under :ref:`ref_geometry_shapes`.

> Creating and modifying adaptive templates scripts
> *************************************************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create and modify adaptive templates scripts
*******************************************
```
Use simple verbs in headings and titles (rather than gerunds, which are "ing" forms).

> It is recommended to create Adaptive Template Scripts outside Motor-CAD, using a Python Integrated
> Development Environment (IDE) (such as PyCharm). Using an IDE allows for faster creation of the
> script, allowing access to autocompletion, code correction and other features which are not
> available in the Motor-CAD scripting interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should create Adaptive Template scripts outside Motor-CAD using a Python Integrated
Development Environment (IDE) such as PyCharm. Using an IDE allows for faster creation of the
script, allowing access to autocompletion, code correction, and other features that are not
available in the Motor-CAD scripting interface.
```

This is essential when writing complex scripts, allowing issues with the script to be fixed and the

> inspection of Python objects (for example geometry regions from Motor-CAD).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
inspection of Python objects, such as geometry regions from Motor-CAD.
```

For more information on the Synchronous Reluctance machine geometry with curved flux barriers used

> for this example, please see :ref:`ref_SYNC_Curve_Flux_Barriers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for this example, see :ref:`ref_SYNC_Curve_Flux_Barriers`.
```

Working on the adaptive templates script
----------------------------------------

> Adaptive templates script can be edited from an external IDE (for example PyCharm, VSCode). When

Reviewer: Now here "templates" is not capitalized, where earlier it was. We should be using the same term consistently. If Adaptive Templates is not a proper name, use lower case throughout.

> using an external IDE it is important to ensure that the script contains this method before
> getting/setting any Motor-CAD geometry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using an external IDE, it is important to ensure that the script contains this method before
getting or setting any Motor-CAD geometry:
```

.. code:: python

    mc.reset_adaptive_geometry()

Drawing geometry objects
------------------------
When working on and debugging Adaptive Templates scripts, it is useful to use the geometry drawing
feature to plot the geometry objects and regions. ``ansys.motorcad.core.geometry_drawing`` contains

> the function ``draw_objects_debug()`` which can be used to plot any region that has been defined in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ``draw_objects_debug()`` function, which can be used to plot any region that has been defined in
```
Place the noun describing the object after the tagged code entity.

Python. This function only plots regions when called from an external IDE to assist with debugging

> scripts. To plot regions from the Motor-CAD scripting interface, use ``draw_objects``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scripts. To plot regions from the Motor-CAD scripting interface, use the ``draw_objects()`` function.
```

    Plot of rotor pocket regions drawn using the ``draw_objects()`` function.

> Adding imported DXF geometries to adaptive templates
> ****************************************************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add imported DXF geometries to adaptive templates
*************************************************
```

> Custom geometry can be imported to Motor-CAD from a DXF file. For information on how to import
> custom geometry from a DXF file, please see the "Custom Machine Geometries" tutorial supplied with
> Motor-CAD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can import a custom geometry into Motor-CAD from a DXF file. For information on how to do this,
see the "Custom Machine Geometries" tutorial supplied with Motor-CAD.
```

> Once a custom geometry has been imported, it is automatically separated into regions, which will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a custom geometry is imported, it is automatically separated into regions, which
```

> appear under **Import** in the **Geometry -> Editor** tab. These imported geometry regions can be
> accessed using the ``get_region_dxf()`` method from the ``ansys.motorcad.core`` API. The geometry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
appear under **Import** in the **Geometry -> Editor** tab. You can access these imported geometry regionsusing the ``get_region_dxf()`` method from the ``ansys.motorcad.core`` API. The geometry
```

regions that are currently set in the Motor-CAD model are shown under **Template** in the tree.

.. figure:: ../images/Adaptive_Geometry_DXF__1.png
    :width: 500pt

    **Geometry -> Editor -> Geometry** tab with an imported custom geometry from DXF file.

By default, the imported regions are not displayed. To display an imported region, select the
checkbox.

Imported regions are not automatically set in the Motor-CAD model or used by the Motor-CAD

> calculations. Adaptive templates can be used to customise the Motor-CAD model geometry with the
> imported geometry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
calculations. You can use adaptive templates to customize the Motor-CAD model geometry with the
imported geometry.
```

Use the ``get_region_dxf()`` method in an adaptive templates script to access an imported region.

> Then, modify and interact with the region in the same way as for any other region object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then modify and interact with the region in the same way as for any other region object.
```

The name, properties and parent regions of the imported region can be defined.

> To replace an existing region with an imported DXF region, use the ``Region.replace()`` method.

Reviewer: Is this a method or function?

Author: It is a method as it requires a Region class object

> As with any Region object, it is set in the Motor-CAD model using ``set_region()``. The imported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with any region object, it is set in the Motor-CAD model using the ``set_region()`` method. The imported
```

    Plot of rotor pocket regions drawn using the ``draw_objects()`` function.

Adding imported DXF geometries to adaptive templates
****************************************************

> Custom geometry can be imported to Motor-CAD from a DXF file. For details on how to import a custom
> geometry from DXF file, please see the 'Custom Machine Geometries' tutorial supplied with Motor-CAD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom geometry can be imported to Motor-CAD from a DXF file. For information on how to import a custom
geometry from a DXF file, see the 'Custom Machine Geometries' tutorial supplied with Motor-CAD.
```
Make the tutorial title a link to the URL for this tutorial? If not, replace single backticks with double quotation marks (") because surrounding in single backticks formats as italics.

> Once a custom geometry has been imported, it is automatically separated into regions which will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a custom geometry has been imported, it is automatically separated into regions, which
```

> appear under 'Import' in the Geometry -> Editor tab. These imported geometry regions can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
appear under **Import** on the **Geometry -> Editor** tab. These imported geometry regions can be
```
When referencing UI elements, format them in bold.

> accessed using ``get_region_dxf()`` from ``ansys.motorcad.core``. The geometry regions that are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accessed using the ``get_region_dxf()`` method from the ``ansys.motorcad.core`` API. The geometry regions that are
```

> currently set in the Motor-CAD model are shown under 'Template' in the tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
currently set in the Motor-CAD model are shown under **Template** in the tree.
```

.. figure:: ../images/Adaptive_Geometry_DXF__1.png
    :width: 500pt

>     Geometry -> Editor -> Geometry tab with an imported custom geometry from DXF file.

Reviewer: Is this line supposed to be a figure caption option or an alternative attribute for accessibility? This isn't a compete sentence if it is paragraph content, UI elements are to be formatted in bold.

Author: It's a figure caption. I've reformatted the UI elements in bold

> By default, the imported regions will not be displayed. To display an imported region, tick the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the imported regions are not displayed. To display an imported region, select the
```

> check box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
checkbox.
```

Imported regions are not automatically set in the Motor-CAD model or used by the Motor-CAD
calculations. Adaptive templates can be used to customise the Motor-CAD model geometry with the
imported geometry.

> Use the ``get_region_dxf()`` method in an adaptive templates script to access and imported region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the ``get_region_dxf()`` method in an adaptive templates script to access an imported region.
```

> The region can then be modified and interacted with in the same way as any other Region object.
> The name, properties and parent regions of the imported region can be defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The region can then be modified and interacted with in the same way as any other ``Region`` object.
The name, properties, and parent regions of the imported region can be defined.
```

> The ``Region.replace()`` method can be used to replace an existing region with an imported DXF
> region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the ``Region.replace()`` method to replace an existing region with an imported DXF
region.
```
Virtually all of this content is in passive voice, but it should be in active voice like shown here. (The subject doing the action can be other than you. For example, it can be "This code shows how to replace ...."

> As with any Region object, it is set in the Motor-CAD model using ``set_region()``. The imported
> region will then appear under 'Template' in the Geometry tree on the Geometry -> Editor -> Geometry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You use the ``set_region()`` method to set the imported region in the
Motor-CAD model in the same as you do with any ``Region`` object. The imported
region then appears under **Template** in the tree on the **Geometry -> Editor -> Geometry** tab.
```
